# CS-305
CS-305 Software Security

The purpose of this project was meant to simulate working with a client and their software security requirements. In this case the customer was Artemis Financial. Artemis Financial is a company that handles their clients’ investments and savings accounts. This means that our software needed a high level of security because the data they were storing and communicating was highly sensitive and a data breach could put all their customers in jeopardy. I was responsible for providing insight into what the company needed as well as providing the code and software required to reinforce my recommendations. One part of this project that I feel I did well on was researching and finding the correct cipher that would fit their needs. In this case it was SHA-256 as it is used by other financial institutions and government agencies. Coding securely is important because security is the backbone of any high standard corporation. Without proper security customers will not choose to do business with a company that will put them at risk. 

I was able to increase layers of security by programming the application to use HTTPS instead of http and encoding the layers of communication by adding a hash function to encrypt. In the future I would plan to use the OWASP dependency check feature again as it holds valuable information. I was able to ensure the code was functional and secure by a process of debugging and running test on my local host. Being able to view what my code was outputting on my personal device gave me a great idea on what needed to be changed and what was exactly how I was anticipating. After refactoring code, I was able to take advantage of the OWASP dependency check to ensure that I had not introduced any new vulnerabilities into my application. As with all my previous project, whether it be in Python, C++, or Java stack overflow was a great aide as well as simple YouTube videos of individuals encountering the same problems as myself and their solutions helped me as well. From this assignment in particular I would focus on the first vulnerability sheet I completed and how I was able to complete a static test on the project and identify the vulnerabilities and what needed to be fixed and suppressed false positives.

